variable xme
variable yme
variable xpa
variable ypa
variable xde
variable yde
variable xva
variable yva
variable room 3025 cells
variable aux_room 3025 cells
variable xne
variable yne
variable i
variable j
variable aux
variable aux2
variable x
variable y
variable xx
variable yy
variable dir
variable dir2
variable l
variable r
variable qx 3025 cells
variable qy 3025 cells
variable ddx 6 cells
variable ddy 6 cells
variable jobs
variable step
variable lxpa 1111 cells
variable lypa 1111 cells
variable lxde 1111 cells
variable lyde 1111 cells
variable cntpa
variable cntde
variable current_job
variable lxaux 1111 cells
variable lyaux 1111 cells
variable smxx
variable smyy
variable smaux
variable bestpair
variable bestdist
variable deltax
variable deltay
variable temp
variable xpa2
variable ypa2
variable auxv
variable helper
variable cntblack
variable nhelp
variable mhelp
variable llxpa 1111 cells
variable llypa 1111 cells
variable llxde 1111 cells
variable llyde 1111 cells
variable valid 3025 cells
variable useless
variable dist 3025 cells
variable actdist
variable newdist
variable idist
variable jdist
variable xdist
variable ydist
variable shuffleid 1111 cells
variable additcnt
variable additfr 1111 cells
variable additse 1111 cells
variable lpav 1111 cells
variable ldev 1111 cells
variable current_pa
variable current_de
variable have_job
variable movedpa
variable menotmoved
variable xmelast
variable ymelast
variable xblockedp
variable yblockepa
variable try_blockva
0 aux !
0 i !
i @ 
input_rows @ 
 < 
while
0 j !
j @ 
input_cols @ 
 < 
while
0 room
aux @ 
+ !
aux @ 
1 + aux !
j @ 
1 + j !
j @ 
input_cols @ 
 < 
repeat
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
input_rows @ 
 < 
repeat
step @ 
1 + step !
0 jobs !
-1 xva !
0 cntpa !
0 cntde !
0 i !
i @ 
input_objects_count @ 
 < 
while
i @ 
aux !
aux @ 
3 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 !
aux2 @ 
1 + aux2 !
input_objects
aux2 @ 
+ @ 
y !
aux @ 
aux2 !
aux2 @ 
2 + aux2 !
input_objects
aux2 @ 
+ @ 
x !
input_objects 
aux @ 
 + @ 1 =
if
x @ 
aux2 !
aux2 @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux2 !
aux2 @ 
y @ 
 + aux2 !
-1 room
aux2 @ 
+ !
then
input_objects 
aux @ 
 + @ 2 =
if
x @ 
lxpa
cntpa @ 
+ !
y @ 
lypa
cntpa @ 
+ !
cntpa @ 
1 + cntpa !
jobs @ 
1 + jobs !
x @ 
aux2 !
aux2 @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux2 !
aux2 @ 
y @ 
 + aux2 !
-1 room
aux2 @ 
+ !
then
input_objects 
aux @ 
 + @ 3 =
if
x @ 
lxde
cntde @ 
+ !
y @ 
lyde
cntde @ 
+ !
cntde @ 
1 + cntde !
then
input_objects 
aux @ 
 + @ 4 =
if
x @ 
xme !
y @ 
yme !
then
input_objects 
aux @ 
 + @ 5 =
if
x @ 
xva !
y @ 
yva !
x @ 
aux2 !
aux2 @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux2 !
aux2 @ 
y @ 
 + aux2 !
-1 room
aux2 @ 
+ !
then
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
input_objects_count @ 
 < 
repeat
xva @ 0 >=
if
try_blockva @ 
0 = 
if
step @ 
1 = 
if
0 i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
llxpa
i @ 
+ !
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
0 i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
llypa
i @ 
+ !
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
else
0 i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
llxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
=
if
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
llypa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
=
if
else
6 temp !
temp @ 
lpav
i @ 
+ !
1 movedpa !
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
xblockedp !
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
yblockepa !
then
else
6 temp !
temp @ 
lpav
i @ 
+ !
1 movedpa !
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
xblockedp !
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
yblockepa !
then
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
then
xme @ 
xmelast @ 
=
if
yme @ 
ymelast @ 
=
if
1 menotmoved !
else
then
else
then
menotmoved @ 
0 = 
if
0 aux !
0 i !
i @ 
input_rows @ 
 < 
while
0 j !
j @ 
input_cols @ 
 < 
while
room
aux @ 
+ @ 
aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
aux @ 
1 + aux !
j @ 
1 + j !
j @ 
input_cols @ 
 < 
repeat
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
input_rows @ 
 < 
repeat
0 i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
0 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
0 l !
0 r !
xva @ 
qx 0 + !
yva @ 
qy 0 + !
xva @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yva @ 
 + aux !
aux_room 
aux @ 
 + @ -1 =
if
then
1 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
l @ 
r @ 
<= 
while
qx
l @ 
+ @ 
x !
qy
l @ 
+ @ 
y !
l @ 
1 + l !
x @ 
xx !
xx @ 
-1 + xx !
y @ 
yy !
yy @ 
0 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
2 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
x @ 
xx !
xx @ 
1 + xx !
y @ 
yy !
yy @ 
0 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
1 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
x @ 
xx !
xx @ 
0 + xx !
y @ 
yy !
yy @ 
-1 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
4 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
x @ 
xx !
xx @ 
0 + xx !
y @ 
yy !
yy @ 
1 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
3 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
l @ 
r @ 
<= 
repeat
xme @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yme @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
+ @ 
dir2 !
dir2 @ 
xme @ 
xmelast !
yme @ 
ymelast !
quit
else
0 i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
aux @ 
xblockedp @ 
=
if
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
aux @ 
1 - aux !
aux @ 
yblockepa @ 
=
if
6 temp !
temp @ 
lpav
i @ 
+ !
else
aux @ 
2 + aux !
aux @ 
yblockepa @ 
=
if
6 temp !
temp @ 
lpav
i @ 
+ !
then
then
then
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
aux @ 
yblockepa @ 
=
if
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
aux @ 
1 - aux !
aux @ 
xblockedp @ 
=
if
6 temp !
temp @ 
lpav
i @ 
+ !
else
aux @ 
2 + aux !
aux @ 
xblockedp @ 
=
if
6 temp !
temp @ 
lpav
i @ 
+ !
then
then
else
then
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
1 try_blockva !
then
then
then
current_job @ 
jobs @ 
>= 
if
0 current_job !
then
have_job @ 
0 = 
if
0 aux !
0 idist !
idist @ 
input_rows @ 
 < 
while
0 jdist !
jdist @ 
input_cols @ 
 < 
while
room
aux @ 
+ @ 
aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
100000 dist
aux @ 
+ !
aux @ 
1 + aux !
jdist @ 
1 + jdist !
jdist @ 
input_cols @ 
 < 
repeat
idist @ 
1 + idist !
idist @ 
input_rows @ 
 < 
repeat
0 idist !
idist @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lxpa
idist @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lypa
idist @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
0 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
lxde
idist @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lyde
idist @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
0 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
idist @ 
1 + idist !
idist @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
0 l !
0 r !
xme @ 
qx 0 + !
yme @ 
qy 0 + !
xme @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yme @ 
 + aux !
aux_room 
aux @ 
 + @ -1 =
if
l @ 
1 + l !
then
1 dist
aux @ 
+ !
1 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
l @ 
r @ 
<= 
while
qx
l @ 
+ @ 
xdist !
qy
l @ 
+ @ 
ydist !
l @ 
1 + l !
xdist @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
ydist @ 
 + aux !
dist
aux @ 
+ @ 
actdist !
actdist @ 
newdist !
newdist @ 
1 + newdist !
xdist @ 
xx !
xx @ 
-1 + xx !
ydist @ 
yy !
yy @ 
0 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
newdist @ 
dist
aux @ 
+ !
2 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
xdist @ 
xx !
xx @ 
1 + xx !
ydist @ 
yy !
yy @ 
0 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
newdist @ 
dist
aux @ 
+ !
1 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
xdist @ 
xx !
xx @ 
0 + xx !
ydist @ 
yy !
yy @ 
-1 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
newdist @ 
dist
aux @ 
+ !
4 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
xdist @ 
xx !
xx @ 
0 + xx !
ydist @ 
yy !
yy @ 
1 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
newdist @ 
dist
aux @ 
+ !
3 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
l @ 
r @ 
<= 
repeat
0 i !
0 bestpair !
100000 bestdist !
0 i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lpav
i @ 
+ @ 
temp !
temp @ 
0 = 
if
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
dist
aux @ 
+ @ 
actdist !
actdist @ 
bestdist @ 
 < 
if
actdist @ 
bestdist !
i @ 
bestpair !
then
then
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
bestdist @ 
100000 = 
if
0 i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lpav
i @ 
+ @ 
temp !
temp @ 
1 = 
if
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
dist
aux @ 
+ @ 
actdist !
actdist @ 
bestdist @ 
 < 
if
actdist @ 
bestdist !
i @ 
bestpair !
then
then
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
then
bestdist @ 
100000 = 
if
0 i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lpav
i @ 
+ @ 
temp !
temp @ 
2 = 
if
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
dist
aux @ 
+ @ 
actdist !
actdist @ 
bestdist @ 
 < 
if
actdist @ 
bestdist !
i @ 
bestpair !
then
then
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
then
bestdist @ 
100000 = 
if
0 i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lpav
i @ 
+ @ 
temp !
temp @ 
3 = 
if
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
dist
aux @ 
+ @ 
actdist !
actdist @ 
bestdist @ 
 < 
if
actdist @ 
bestdist !
i @ 
bestpair !
then
then
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
then
bestdist @ 
100000 = 
if
0 i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lpav
i @ 
+ @ 
temp !
temp @ 
4 = 
if
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
dist
aux @ 
+ @ 
actdist !
actdist @ 
bestdist @ 
 < 
if
actdist @ 
bestdist !
i @ 
bestpair !
then
then
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
then
bestdist @ 
100000 = 
if
0 i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lpav
i @ 
+ @ 
temp !
temp @ 
5 = 
if
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
dist
aux @ 
+ @ 
actdist !
actdist @ 
bestdist @ 
 < 
if
actdist @ 
bestdist !
i @ 
bestpair !
then
then
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
then
bestdist @ 
100000 = 
if
0 i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lpav
i @ 
+ @ 
temp !
temp @ 
6 = 
if
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
dist
aux @ 
+ @ 
actdist !
actdist @ 
bestdist @ 
 < 
if
actdist @ 
bestdist !
i @ 
bestpair !
then
then
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
then
bestdist @ 
100000 = 
if
0 lpav 0 + !
0 ldev 0 + !
0 lpav 1 + !
0 ldev 1 + !
0 lpav 2 + !
0 ldev 2 + !
0 lpav 3 + !
0 ldev 3 + !
0 lpav 4 + !
0 ldev 4 + !
0 lpav 5 + !
0 ldev 5 + !
0 lpav 6 + !
0 ldev 6 + !
0 lpav 7 + !
0 ldev 7 + !
0 lpav 8 + !
0 ldev 8 + !
0 lpav 9 + !
0 ldev 9 + !
0 lpav 10 + !
0 ldev 10 + !
0 lpav 11 + !
0 ldev 11 + !
0 lpav 12 + !
0 ldev 12 + !
0 lpav 13 + !
0 ldev 13 + !
0 lpav 14 + !
0 ldev 14 + !
0 lpav 15 + !
0 ldev 15 + !
0 lpav 16 + !
0 ldev 16 + !
0 lpav 17 + !
0 ldev 17 + !
0 lpav 18 + !
0 ldev 18 + !
0 lpav 19 + !
0 ldev 19 + !
0 lpav 20 + !
0 ldev 20 + !
0 lpav 21 + !
0 ldev 21 + !
0 lpav 22 + !
0 ldev 22 + !
0 lpav 23 + !
0 ldev 23 + !
0 lpav 24 + !
0 ldev 24 + !
0 lpav 25 + !
0 ldev 25 + !
0 lpav 26 + !
0 ldev 26 + !
0 lpav 27 + !
0 ldev 27 + !
0 lpav 28 + !
0 ldev 28 + !
0 lpav 29 + !
0 ldev 29 + !
0 lpav 30 + !
0 ldev 30 + !
0 lpav 31 + !
0 ldev 31 + !
0 lpav 32 + !
0 ldev 32 + !
0 lpav 33 + !
0 ldev 33 + !
0 lpav 34 + !
0 ldev 34 + !
0 lpav 35 + !
0 ldev 35 + !
0 lpav 36 + !
0 ldev 36 + !
0 lpav 37 + !
0 ldev 37 + !
0 lpav 38 + !
0 ldev 38 + !
0 lpav 39 + !
0 ldev 39 + !
0 lpav 40 + !
0 ldev 40 + !
0 lpav 41 + !
0 ldev 41 + !
0 lpav 42 + !
0 ldev 42 + !
0 lpav 43 + !
0 ldev 43 + !
0 lpav 44 + !
0 ldev 44 + !
0 lpav 45 + !
0 ldev 45 + !
0 lpav 46 + !
0 ldev 46 + !
0 lpav 47 + !
0 ldev 47 + !
0 lpav 48 + !
0 ldev 48 + !
0 lpav 49 + !
0 ldev 49 + !
0 lpav 50 + !
0 ldev 50 + !
0 lpav 51 + !
0 ldev 51 + !
0 lpav 52 + !
0 ldev 52 + !
0 lpav 53 + !
0 ldev 53 + !
0 lpav 54 + !
0 ldev 54 + !
0 lpav 55 + !
0 ldev 55 + !
0 lpav 56 + !
0 ldev 56 + !
0 lpav 57 + !
0 ldev 57 + !
0 lpav 58 + !
0 ldev 58 + !
0 lpav 59 + !
0 ldev 59 + !
0 lpav 60 + !
0 ldev 60 + !
0 lpav 61 + !
0 ldev 61 + !
0 lpav 62 + !
0 ldev 62 + !
0 lpav 63 + !
0 ldev 63 + !
0 lpav 64 + !
0 ldev 64 + !
0 lpav 65 + !
0 ldev 65 + !
0 lpav 66 + !
0 ldev 66 + !
0 lpav 67 + !
0 ldev 67 + !
0 lpav 68 + !
0 ldev 68 + !
0 lpav 69 + !
0 ldev 69 + !
0 lpav 70 + !
0 ldev 70 + !
0 lpav 71 + !
0 ldev 71 + !
0 lpav 72 + !
0 ldev 72 + !
0 lpav 73 + !
0 ldev 73 + !
0 lpav 74 + !
0 ldev 74 + !
0 lpav 75 + !
0 ldev 75 + !
0 lpav 76 + !
0 ldev 76 + !
0 lpav 77 + !
0 ldev 77 + !
0 lpav 78 + !
0 ldev 78 + !
0 lpav 79 + !
0 ldev 79 + !
0 lpav 80 + !
0 ldev 80 + !
0 lpav 81 + !
0 ldev 81 + !
0 lpav 82 + !
0 ldev 82 + !
0 lpav 83 + !
0 ldev 83 + !
0 lpav 84 + !
0 ldev 84 + !
0 lpav 85 + !
0 ldev 85 + !
0 lpav 86 + !
0 ldev 86 + !
0 lpav 87 + !
0 ldev 87 + !
0 lpav 88 + !
0 ldev 88 + !
0 lpav 89 + !
0 ldev 89 + !
0 lpav 90 + !
0 ldev 90 + !
0 lpav 91 + !
0 ldev 91 + !
0 lpav 92 + !
0 ldev 92 + !
0 lpav 93 + !
0 ldev 93 + !
0 lpav 94 + !
0 ldev 94 + !
0 lpav 95 + !
0 ldev 95 + !
0 lpav 96 + !
0 ldev 96 + !
0 lpav 97 + !
0 ldev 97 + !
0 lpav 98 + !
0 ldev 98 + !
0 lpav 99 + !
0 ldev 99 + !
0 lpav 100 + !
0 ldev 100 + !
0 lpav 101 + !
0 ldev 101 + !
0 lpav 102 + !
0 ldev 102 + !
0 lpav 103 + !
0 ldev 103 + !
0 lpav 104 + !
0 ldev 104 + !
0 lpav 105 + !
0 ldev 105 + !
0 lpav 106 + !
0 ldev 106 + !
0 lpav 107 + !
0 ldev 107 + !
0 lpav 108 + !
0 ldev 108 + !
0 lpav 109 + !
0 ldev 109 + !
0 lpav 110 + !
0 ldev 110 + !
0 lpav 111 + !
0 ldev 111 + !
0 lpav 112 + !
0 ldev 112 + !
0 lpav 113 + !
0 ldev 113 + !
0 lpav 114 + !
0 ldev 114 + !
0 lpav 115 + !
0 ldev 115 + !
0 lpav 116 + !
0 ldev 116 + !
0 lpav 117 + !
0 ldev 117 + !
0 lpav 118 + !
0 ldev 118 + !
0 lpav 119 + !
0 ldev 119 + !
0 lpav 120 + !
0 ldev 120 + !
0 lpav 121 + !
0 ldev 121 + !
0 lpav 122 + !
0 ldev 122 + !
0 lpav 123 + !
0 ldev 123 + !
0 lpav 124 + !
0 ldev 124 + !
0 lpav 125 + !
0 ldev 125 + !
0 lpav 126 + !
0 ldev 126 + !
0 lpav 127 + !
0 ldev 127 + !
0 lpav 128 + !
0 ldev 128 + !
0 lpav 129 + !
0 ldev 129 + !
0 lpav 130 + !
0 ldev 130 + !
0 lpav 131 + !
0 ldev 131 + !
0 lpav 132 + !
0 ldev 132 + !
0 lpav 133 + !
0 ldev 133 + !
0 lpav 134 + !
0 ldev 134 + !
0 lpav 135 + !
0 ldev 135 + !
0 lpav 136 + !
0 ldev 136 + !
0 lpav 137 + !
0 ldev 137 + !
0 lpav 138 + !
0 ldev 138 + !
0 lpav 139 + !
0 ldev 139 + !
0 lpav 140 + !
0 ldev 140 + !
0 lpav 141 + !
0 ldev 141 + !
0 lpav 142 + !
0 ldev 142 + !
0 lpav 143 + !
0 ldev 143 + !
0 lpav 144 + !
0 ldev 144 + !
0 lpav 145 + !
0 ldev 145 + !
0 lpav 146 + !
0 ldev 146 + !
0 lpav 147 + !
0 ldev 147 + !
0 lpav 148 + !
0 ldev 148 + !
0 lpav 149 + !
0 ldev 149 + !
0 lpav 150 + !
0 ldev 150 + !
0 lpav 151 + !
0 ldev 151 + !
0 lpav 152 + !
0 ldev 152 + !
0 lpav 153 + !
0 ldev 153 + !
0 lpav 154 + !
0 ldev 154 + !
0 lpav 155 + !
0 ldev 155 + !
0 lpav 156 + !
0 ldev 156 + !
0 lpav 157 + !
0 ldev 157 + !
0 lpav 158 + !
0 ldev 158 + !
0 lpav 159 + !
0 ldev 159 + !
0 lpav 160 + !
0 ldev 160 + !
0 lpav 161 + !
0 ldev 161 + !
0 lpav 162 + !
0 ldev 162 + !
0 lpav 163 + !
0 ldev 163 + !
0 lpav 164 + !
0 ldev 164 + !
0 lpav 165 + !
0 ldev 165 + !
0 lpav 166 + !
0 ldev 166 + !
0 lpav 167 + !
0 ldev 167 + !
0 lpav 168 + !
0 ldev 168 + !
0 lpav 169 + !
0 ldev 169 + !
0 lpav 170 + !
0 ldev 170 + !
0 lpav 171 + !
0 ldev 171 + !
0 lpav 172 + !
0 ldev 172 + !
0 lpav 173 + !
0 ldev 173 + !
0 lpav 174 + !
0 ldev 174 + !
0 lpav 175 + !
0 ldev 175 + !
0 lpav 176 + !
0 ldev 176 + !
0 lpav 177 + !
0 ldev 177 + !
0 lpav 178 + !
0 ldev 178 + !
0 lpav 179 + !
0 ldev 179 + !
0 lpav 180 + !
0 ldev 180 + !
0 lpav 181 + !
0 ldev 181 + !
0 lpav 182 + !
0 ldev 182 + !
0 lpav 183 + !
0 ldev 183 + !
0 lpav 184 + !
0 ldev 184 + !
0 lpav 185 + !
0 ldev 185 + !
0 lpav 186 + !
0 ldev 186 + !
0 lpav 187 + !
0 ldev 187 + !
0 lpav 188 + !
0 ldev 188 + !
0 lpav 189 + !
0 ldev 189 + !
0 lpav 190 + !
0 ldev 190 + !
0 lpav 191 + !
0 ldev 191 + !
0 lpav 192 + !
0 ldev 192 + !
0 lpav 193 + !
0 ldev 193 + !
0 lpav 194 + !
0 ldev 194 + !
0 lpav 195 + !
0 ldev 195 + !
0 lpav 196 + !
0 ldev 196 + !
0 lpav 197 + !
0 ldev 197 + !
0 lpav 198 + !
0 ldev 198 + !
0 lpav 199 + !
0 ldev 199 + !
0 lpav 200 + !
0 ldev 200 + !
0 lpav 201 + !
0 ldev 201 + !
0 lpav 202 + !
0 ldev 202 + !
0 lpav 203 + !
0 ldev 203 + !
0 lpav 204 + !
0 ldev 204 + !
0 lpav 205 + !
0 ldev 205 + !
0 lpav 206 + !
0 ldev 206 + !
0 lpav 207 + !
0 ldev 207 + !
0 lpav 208 + !
0 ldev 208 + !
0 lpav 209 + !
0 ldev 209 + !
0 lpav 210 + !
0 ldev 210 + !
0 lpav 211 + !
0 ldev 211 + !
0 lpav 212 + !
0 ldev 212 + !
0 lpav 213 + !
0 ldev 213 + !
0 lpav 214 + !
0 ldev 214 + !
0 lpav 215 + !
0 ldev 215 + !
0 lpav 216 + !
0 ldev 216 + !
0 lpav 217 + !
0 ldev 217 + !
0 lpav 218 + !
0 ldev 218 + !
0 lpav 219 + !
0 ldev 219 + !
0 lpav 220 + !
0 ldev 220 + !
0 lpav 221 + !
0 ldev 221 + !
0 lpav 222 + !
0 ldev 222 + !
0 lpav 223 + !
0 ldev 223 + !
0 lpav 224 + !
0 ldev 224 + !
0 lpav 225 + !
0 ldev 225 + !
0 lpav 226 + !
0 ldev 226 + !
0 lpav 227 + !
0 ldev 227 + !
0 lpav 228 + !
0 ldev 228 + !
0 lpav 229 + !
0 ldev 229 + !
0 lpav 230 + !
0 ldev 230 + !
0 lpav 231 + !
0 ldev 231 + !
0 lpav 232 + !
0 ldev 232 + !
0 lpav 233 + !
0 ldev 233 + !
0 lpav 234 + !
0 ldev 234 + !
0 lpav 235 + !
0 ldev 235 + !
0 lpav 236 + !
0 ldev 236 + !
0 lpav 237 + !
0 ldev 237 + !
0 lpav 238 + !
0 ldev 238 + !
0 lpav 239 + !
0 ldev 239 + !
0 lpav 240 + !
0 ldev 240 + !
0 lpav 241 + !
0 ldev 241 + !
0 lpav 242 + !
0 ldev 242 + !
0 lpav 243 + !
0 ldev 243 + !
0 lpav 244 + !
0 ldev 244 + !
0 lpav 245 + !
0 ldev 245 + !
0 lpav 246 + !
0 ldev 246 + !
0 lpav 247 + !
0 ldev 247 + !
0 lpav 248 + !
0 ldev 248 + !
0 lpav 249 + !
0 ldev 249 + !
0 lpav 250 + !
0 ldev 250 + !
0 lpav 251 + !
0 ldev 251 + !
0 lpav 252 + !
0 ldev 252 + !
0 lpav 253 + !
0 ldev 253 + !
0 lpav 254 + !
0 ldev 254 + !
0 lpav 255 + !
0 ldev 255 + !
0 lpav 256 + !
0 ldev 256 + !
0 lpav 257 + !
0 ldev 257 + !
0 lpav 258 + !
0 ldev 258 + !
0 lpav 259 + !
0 ldev 259 + !
0 lpav 260 + !
0 ldev 260 + !
0 lpav 261 + !
0 ldev 261 + !
0 lpav 262 + !
0 ldev 262 + !
0 lpav 263 + !
0 ldev 263 + !
0 lpav 264 + !
0 ldev 264 + !
0 lpav 265 + !
0 ldev 265 + !
0 lpav 266 + !
0 ldev 266 + !
0 lpav 267 + !
0 ldev 267 + !
0 lpav 268 + !
0 ldev 268 + !
0 lpav 269 + !
0 ldev 269 + !
0 lpav 270 + !
0 ldev 270 + !
0 lpav 271 + !
0 ldev 271 + !
0 lpav 272 + !
0 ldev 272 + !
0 lpav 273 + !
0 ldev 273 + !
0 lpav 274 + !
0 ldev 274 + !
0 lpav 275 + !
0 ldev 275 + !
0 lpav 276 + !
0 ldev 276 + !
0 lpav 277 + !
0 ldev 277 + !
0 lpav 278 + !
0 ldev 278 + !
0 lpav 279 + !
0 ldev 279 + !
0 lpav 280 + !
0 ldev 280 + !
0 lpav 281 + !
0 ldev 281 + !
0 lpav 282 + !
0 ldev 282 + !
0 lpav 283 + !
0 ldev 283 + !
0 lpav 284 + !
0 ldev 284 + !
0 lpav 285 + !
0 ldev 285 + !
0 lpav 286 + !
0 ldev 286 + !
0 lpav 287 + !
0 ldev 287 + !
0 lpav 288 + !
0 ldev 288 + !
0 lpav 289 + !
0 ldev 289 + !
0 lpav 290 + !
0 ldev 290 + !
0 lpav 291 + !
0 ldev 291 + !
0 lpav 292 + !
0 ldev 292 + !
0 lpav 293 + !
0 ldev 293 + !
0 lpav 294 + !
0 ldev 294 + !
0 lpav 295 + !
0 ldev 295 + !
0 lpav 296 + !
0 ldev 296 + !
0 lpav 297 + !
0 ldev 297 + !
0 lpav 298 + !
0 ldev 298 + !
0 lpav 299 + !
0 ldev 299 + !
0 lpav 300 + !
0 ldev 300 + !
0 lpav 301 + !
0 ldev 301 + !
0 lpav 302 + !
0 ldev 302 + !
0 lpav 303 + !
0 ldev 303 + !
0 lpav 304 + !
0 ldev 304 + !
0 lpav 305 + !
0 ldev 305 + !
0 lpav 306 + !
0 ldev 306 + !
0 lpav 307 + !
0 ldev 307 + !
0 lpav 308 + !
0 ldev 308 + !
0 lpav 309 + !
0 ldev 309 + !
0 lpav 310 + !
0 ldev 310 + !
0 lpav 311 + !
0 ldev 311 + !
0 lpav 312 + !
0 ldev 312 + !
0 lpav 313 + !
0 ldev 313 + !
0 lpav 314 + !
0 ldev 314 + !
0 lpav 315 + !
0 ldev 315 + !
0 lpav 316 + !
0 ldev 316 + !
0 lpav 317 + !
0 ldev 317 + !
0 lpav 318 + !
0 ldev 318 + !
0 lpav 319 + !
0 ldev 319 + !
0 lpav 320 + !
0 ldev 320 + !
0 lpav 321 + !
0 ldev 321 + !
0 lpav 322 + !
0 ldev 322 + !
0 lpav 323 + !
0 ldev 323 + !
0 lpav 324 + !
0 ldev 324 + !
0 lpav 325 + !
0 ldev 325 + !
0 lpav 326 + !
0 ldev 326 + !
0 lpav 327 + !
0 ldev 327 + !
0 lpav 328 + !
0 ldev 328 + !
0 lpav 329 + !
0 ldev 329 + !
0 lpav 330 + !
0 ldev 330 + !
0 lpav 331 + !
0 ldev 331 + !
0 lpav 332 + !
0 ldev 332 + !
0 lpav 333 + !
0 ldev 333 + !
0 lpav 334 + !
0 ldev 334 + !
0 lpav 335 + !
0 ldev 335 + !
0 lpav 336 + !
0 ldev 336 + !
0 lpav 337 + !
0 ldev 337 + !
0 lpav 338 + !
0 ldev 338 + !
0 lpav 339 + !
0 ldev 339 + !
0 lpav 340 + !
0 ldev 340 + !
0 lpav 341 + !
0 ldev 341 + !
0 lpav 342 + !
0 ldev 342 + !
0 lpav 343 + !
0 ldev 343 + !
0 lpav 344 + !
0 ldev 344 + !
0 lpav 345 + !
0 ldev 345 + !
0 lpav 346 + !
0 ldev 346 + !
0 lpav 347 + !
0 ldev 347 + !
0 lpav 348 + !
0 ldev 348 + !
0 lpav 349 + !
0 ldev 349 + !
0 lpav 350 + !
0 ldev 350 + !
0 lpav 351 + !
0 ldev 351 + !
0 lpav 352 + !
0 ldev 352 + !
0 lpav 353 + !
0 ldev 353 + !
0 lpav 354 + !
0 ldev 354 + !
0 lpav 355 + !
0 ldev 355 + !
0 lpav 356 + !
0 ldev 356 + !
0 lpav 357 + !
0 ldev 357 + !
0 lpav 358 + !
0 ldev 358 + !
0 lpav 359 + !
0 ldev 359 + !
0 lpav 360 + !
0 ldev 360 + !
0 lpav 361 + !
0 ldev 361 + !
0 lpav 362 + !
0 ldev 362 + !
0 lpav 363 + !
0 ldev 363 + !
0 lpav 364 + !
0 ldev 364 + !
0 lpav 365 + !
0 ldev 365 + !
0 lpav 366 + !
0 ldev 366 + !
0 lpav 367 + !
0 ldev 367 + !
0 lpav 368 + !
0 ldev 368 + !
0 lpav 369 + !
0 ldev 369 + !
0 lpav 370 + !
0 ldev 370 + !
0 lpav 371 + !
0 ldev 371 + !
0 lpav 372 + !
0 ldev 372 + !
0 lpav 373 + !
0 ldev 373 + !
0 lpav 374 + !
0 ldev 374 + !
0 lpav 375 + !
0 ldev 375 + !
0 lpav 376 + !
0 ldev 376 + !
0 lpav 377 + !
0 ldev 377 + !
0 lpav 378 + !
0 ldev 378 + !
0 lpav 379 + !
0 ldev 379 + !
0 lpav 380 + !
0 ldev 380 + !
0 lpav 381 + !
0 ldev 381 + !
0 lpav 382 + !
0 ldev 382 + !
0 lpav 383 + !
0 ldev 383 + !
0 lpav 384 + !
0 ldev 384 + !
0 lpav 385 + !
0 ldev 385 + !
0 lpav 386 + !
0 ldev 386 + !
0 lpav 387 + !
0 ldev 387 + !
0 lpav 388 + !
0 ldev 388 + !
0 lpav 389 + !
0 ldev 389 + !
0 lpav 390 + !
0 ldev 390 + !
0 lpav 391 + !
0 ldev 391 + !
0 lpav 392 + !
0 ldev 392 + !
0 lpav 393 + !
0 ldev 393 + !
0 lpav 394 + !
0 ldev 394 + !
0 lpav 395 + !
0 ldev 395 + !
0 lpav 396 + !
0 ldev 396 + !
0 lpav 397 + !
0 ldev 397 + !
0 lpav 398 + !
0 ldev 398 + !
0 lpav 399 + !
0 ldev 399 + !
0 lpav 400 + !
0 ldev 400 + !
0 lpav 401 + !
0 ldev 401 + !
0 lpav 402 + !
0 ldev 402 + !
0 lpav 403 + !
0 ldev 403 + !
0 lpav 404 + !
0 ldev 404 + !
0 lpav 405 + !
0 ldev 405 + !
0 lpav 406 + !
0 ldev 406 + !
0 lpav 407 + !
0 ldev 407 + !
0 lpav 408 + !
0 ldev 408 + !
0 lpav 409 + !
0 ldev 409 + !
0 lpav 410 + !
0 ldev 410 + !
0 lpav 411 + !
0 ldev 411 + !
0 lpav 412 + !
0 ldev 412 + !
0 lpav 413 + !
0 ldev 413 + !
0 lpav 414 + !
0 ldev 414 + !
0 lpav 415 + !
0 ldev 415 + !
0 lpav 416 + !
0 ldev 416 + !
0 lpav 417 + !
0 ldev 417 + !
0 lpav 418 + !
0 ldev 418 + !
0 lpav 419 + !
0 ldev 419 + !
0 lpav 420 + !
0 ldev 420 + !
0 lpav 421 + !
0 ldev 421 + !
0 lpav 422 + !
0 ldev 422 + !
0 lpav 423 + !
0 ldev 423 + !
0 lpav 424 + !
0 ldev 424 + !
0 lpav 425 + !
0 ldev 425 + !
0 lpav 426 + !
0 ldev 426 + !
0 lpav 427 + !
0 ldev 427 + !
0 lpav 428 + !
0 ldev 428 + !
0 lpav 429 + !
0 ldev 429 + !
0 lpav 430 + !
0 ldev 430 + !
0 lpav 431 + !
0 ldev 431 + !
0 lpav 432 + !
0 ldev 432 + !
0 lpav 433 + !
0 ldev 433 + !
0 lpav 434 + !
0 ldev 434 + !
0 lpav 435 + !
0 ldev 435 + !
0 lpav 436 + !
0 ldev 436 + !
0 lpav 437 + !
0 ldev 437 + !
0 lpav 438 + !
0 ldev 438 + !
0 lpav 439 + !
0 ldev 439 + !
0 lpav 440 + !
0 ldev 440 + !
0 lpav 441 + !
0 ldev 441 + !
0 lpav 442 + !
0 ldev 442 + !
0 lpav 443 + !
0 ldev 443 + !
0 lpav 444 + !
0 ldev 444 + !
0 lpav 445 + !
0 ldev 445 + !
0 lpav 446 + !
0 ldev 446 + !
0 lpav 447 + !
0 ldev 447 + !
0 lpav 448 + !
0 ldev 448 + !
0 lpav 449 + !
0 ldev 449 + !
0 lpav 450 + !
0 ldev 450 + !
0 lpav 451 + !
0 ldev 451 + !
0 lpav 452 + !
0 ldev 452 + !
0 lpav 453 + !
0 ldev 453 + !
0 lpav 454 + !
0 ldev 454 + !
0 lpav 455 + !
0 ldev 455 + !
0 lpav 456 + !
0 ldev 456 + !
0 lpav 457 + !
0 ldev 457 + !
0 lpav 458 + !
0 ldev 458 + !
0 lpav 459 + !
0 ldev 459 + !
0 lpav 460 + !
0 ldev 460 + !
0 lpav 461 + !
0 ldev 461 + !
0 lpav 462 + !
0 ldev 462 + !
0 lpav 463 + !
0 ldev 463 + !
0 lpav 464 + !
0 ldev 464 + !
0 lpav 465 + !
0 ldev 465 + !
0 lpav 466 + !
0 ldev 466 + !
0 lpav 467 + !
0 ldev 467 + !
0 lpav 468 + !
0 ldev 468 + !
0 lpav 469 + !
0 ldev 469 + !
0 lpav 470 + !
0 ldev 470 + !
0 lpav 471 + !
0 ldev 471 + !
0 lpav 472 + !
0 ldev 472 + !
0 lpav 473 + !
0 ldev 473 + !
0 lpav 474 + !
0 ldev 474 + !
0 lpav 475 + !
0 ldev 475 + !
0 lpav 476 + !
0 ldev 476 + !
0 lpav 477 + !
0 ldev 477 + !
0 lpav 478 + !
0 ldev 478 + !
0 lpav 479 + !
0 ldev 479 + !
0 lpav 480 + !
0 ldev 480 + !
0 lpav 481 + !
0 ldev 481 + !
0 lpav 482 + !
0 ldev 482 + !
0 lpav 483 + !
0 ldev 483 + !
0 lpav 484 + !
0 ldev 484 + !
0 lpav 485 + !
0 ldev 485 + !
0 lpav 486 + !
0 ldev 486 + !
0 lpav 487 + !
0 ldev 487 + !
0 lpav 488 + !
0 ldev 488 + !
0 lpav 489 + !
0 ldev 489 + !
0 lpav 490 + !
0 ldev 490 + !
0 lpav 491 + !
0 ldev 491 + !
0 lpav 492 + !
0 ldev 492 + !
0 lpav 493 + !
0 ldev 493 + !
0 lpav 494 + !
0 ldev 494 + !
0 lpav 495 + !
0 ldev 495 + !
0 lpav 496 + !
0 ldev 496 + !
0 lpav 497 + !
0 ldev 497 + !
0 lpav 498 + !
0 ldev 498 + !
0 lpav 499 + !
0 ldev 499 + !
0 lpav 500 + !
0 ldev 500 + !
0 lpav 501 + !
0 ldev 501 + !
0 lpav 502 + !
0 ldev 502 + !
0 lpav 503 + !
0 ldev 503 + !
0 lpav 504 + !
0 ldev 504 + !
0 lpav 505 + !
0 ldev 505 + !
0 lpav 506 + !
0 ldev 506 + !
0 lpav 507 + !
0 ldev 507 + !
0 lpav 508 + !
0 ldev 508 + !
0 lpav 509 + !
0 ldev 509 + !
0 lpav 510 + !
0 ldev 510 + !
0 lpav 511 + !
0 ldev 511 + !
0 lpav 512 + !
0 ldev 512 + !
0 lpav 513 + !
0 ldev 513 + !
0 lpav 514 + !
0 ldev 514 + !
0 lpav 515 + !
0 ldev 515 + !
0 lpav 516 + !
0 ldev 516 + !
0 lpav 517 + !
0 ldev 517 + !
0 lpav 518 + !
0 ldev 518 + !
0 lpav 519 + !
0 ldev 519 + !
0 lpav 520 + !
0 ldev 520 + !
0 lpav 521 + !
0 ldev 521 + !
0 lpav 522 + !
0 ldev 522 + !
0 lpav 523 + !
0 ldev 523 + !
0 lpav 524 + !
0 ldev 524 + !
0 lpav 525 + !
0 ldev 525 + !
0 lpav 526 + !
0 ldev 526 + !
0 lpav 527 + !
0 ldev 527 + !
0 lpav 528 + !
0 ldev 528 + !
0 lpav 529 + !
0 ldev 529 + !
0 lpav 530 + !
0 ldev 530 + !
0 lpav 531 + !
0 ldev 531 + !
0 lpav 532 + !
0 ldev 532 + !
0 lpav 533 + !
0 ldev 533 + !
0 lpav 534 + !
0 ldev 534 + !
0 lpav 535 + !
0 ldev 535 + !
0 lpav 536 + !
0 ldev 536 + !
0 lpav 537 + !
0 ldev 537 + !
0 lpav 538 + !
0 ldev 538 + !
0 lpav 539 + !
0 ldev 539 + !
0 lpav 540 + !
0 ldev 540 + !
0 lpav 541 + !
0 ldev 541 + !
0 lpav 542 + !
0 ldev 542 + !
0 lpav 543 + !
0 ldev 543 + !
0 lpav 544 + !
0 ldev 544 + !
0 lpav 545 + !
0 ldev 545 + !
0 lpav 546 + !
0 ldev 546 + !
0 lpav 547 + !
0 ldev 547 + !
0 lpav 548 + !
0 ldev 548 + !
0 lpav 549 + !
0 ldev 549 + !
0 lpav 550 + !
0 ldev 550 + !
0 lpav 551 + !
0 ldev 551 + !
0 lpav 552 + !
0 ldev 552 + !
0 lpav 553 + !
0 ldev 553 + !
0 lpav 554 + !
0 ldev 554 + !
0 lpav 555 + !
0 ldev 555 + !
0 lpav 556 + !
0 ldev 556 + !
0 lpav 557 + !
0 ldev 557 + !
0 lpav 558 + !
0 ldev 558 + !
0 lpav 559 + !
0 ldev 559 + !
0 lpav 560 + !
0 ldev 560 + !
0 lpav 561 + !
0 ldev 561 + !
0 lpav 562 + !
0 ldev 562 + !
0 lpav 563 + !
0 ldev 563 + !
0 lpav 564 + !
0 ldev 564 + !
0 lpav 565 + !
0 ldev 565 + !
0 lpav 566 + !
0 ldev 566 + !
0 lpav 567 + !
0 ldev 567 + !
0 lpav 568 + !
0 ldev 568 + !
0 lpav 569 + !
0 ldev 569 + !
0 lpav 570 + !
0 ldev 570 + !
0 lpav 571 + !
0 ldev 571 + !
0 lpav 572 + !
0 ldev 572 + !
0 lpav 573 + !
0 ldev 573 + !
0 lpav 574 + !
0 ldev 574 + !
0 lpav 575 + !
0 ldev 575 + !
0 lpav 576 + !
0 ldev 576 + !
0 lpav 577 + !
0 ldev 577 + !
0 lpav 578 + !
0 ldev 578 + !
0 lpav 579 + !
0 ldev 579 + !
0 lpav 580 + !
0 ldev 580 + !
0 lpav 581 + !
0 ldev 581 + !
0 lpav 582 + !
0 ldev 582 + !
0 lpav 583 + !
0 ldev 583 + !
0 lpav 584 + !
0 ldev 584 + !
0 lpav 585 + !
0 ldev 585 + !
0 lpav 586 + !
0 ldev 586 + !
0 lpav 587 + !
0 ldev 587 + !
0 lpav 588 + !
0 ldev 588 + !
0 lpav 589 + !
0 ldev 589 + !
0 lpav 590 + !
0 ldev 590 + !
0 lpav 591 + !
0 ldev 591 + !
0 lpav 592 + !
0 ldev 592 + !
0 lpav 593 + !
0 ldev 593 + !
0 lpav 594 + !
0 ldev 594 + !
0 lpav 595 + !
0 ldev 595 + !
0 lpav 596 + !
0 ldev 596 + !
0 lpav 597 + !
0 ldev 597 + !
0 lpav 598 + !
0 ldev 598 + !
0 lpav 599 + !
0 ldev 599 + !
0 lpav 600 + !
0 ldev 600 + !
0 lpav 601 + !
0 ldev 601 + !
0 lpav 602 + !
0 ldev 602 + !
0 lpav 603 + !
0 ldev 603 + !
0 lpav 604 + !
0 ldev 604 + !
0 lpav 605 + !
0 ldev 605 + !
0 lpav 606 + !
0 ldev 606 + !
0 lpav 607 + !
0 ldev 607 + !
0 lpav 608 + !
0 ldev 608 + !
0 lpav 609 + !
0 ldev 609 + !
0 lpav 610 + !
0 ldev 610 + !
0 lpav 611 + !
0 ldev 611 + !
0 lpav 612 + !
0 ldev 612 + !
0 lpav 613 + !
0 ldev 613 + !
0 lpav 614 + !
0 ldev 614 + !
0 lpav 615 + !
0 ldev 615 + !
0 lpav 616 + !
0 ldev 616 + !
0 lpav 617 + !
0 ldev 617 + !
0 lpav 618 + !
0 ldev 618 + !
0 lpav 619 + !
0 ldev 619 + !
0 lpav 620 + !
0 ldev 620 + !
0 lpav 621 + !
0 ldev 621 + !
0 lpav 622 + !
0 ldev 622 + !
0 lpav 623 + !
0 ldev 623 + !
0 lpav 624 + !
0 ldev 624 + !
0 lpav 625 + !
0 ldev 625 + !
0 lpav 626 + !
0 ldev 626 + !
0 lpav 627 + !
0 ldev 627 + !
0 lpav 628 + !
0 ldev 628 + !
0 lpav 629 + !
0 ldev 629 + !
0 lpav 630 + !
0 ldev 630 + !
0 lpav 631 + !
0 ldev 631 + !
0 lpav 632 + !
0 ldev 632 + !
0 lpav 633 + !
0 ldev 633 + !
0 lpav 634 + !
0 ldev 634 + !
0 lpav 635 + !
0 ldev 635 + !
0 lpav 636 + !
0 ldev 636 + !
0 lpav 637 + !
0 ldev 637 + !
0 lpav 638 + !
0 ldev 638 + !
0 lpav 639 + !
0 ldev 639 + !
0 lpav 640 + !
0 ldev 640 + !
0 lpav 641 + !
0 ldev 641 + !
0 lpav 642 + !
0 ldev 642 + !
0 lpav 643 + !
0 ldev 643 + !
0 lpav 644 + !
0 ldev 644 + !
0 lpav 645 + !
0 ldev 645 + !
0 lpav 646 + !
0 ldev 646 + !
0 lpav 647 + !
0 ldev 647 + !
0 lpav 648 + !
0 ldev 648 + !
0 lpav 649 + !
0 ldev 649 + !
0 lpav 650 + !
0 ldev 650 + !
0 lpav 651 + !
0 ldev 651 + !
0 lpav 652 + !
0 ldev 652 + !
0 lpav 653 + !
0 ldev 653 + !
0 lpav 654 + !
0 ldev 654 + !
0 lpav 655 + !
0 ldev 655 + !
0 lpav 656 + !
0 ldev 656 + !
0 lpav 657 + !
0 ldev 657 + !
0 lpav 658 + !
0 ldev 658 + !
0 lpav 659 + !
0 ldev 659 + !
0 lpav 660 + !
0 ldev 660 + !
0 lpav 661 + !
0 ldev 661 + !
0 lpav 662 + !
0 ldev 662 + !
0 lpav 663 + !
0 ldev 663 + !
0 lpav 664 + !
0 ldev 664 + !
0 lpav 665 + !
0 ldev 665 + !
0 lpav 666 + !
0 ldev 666 + !
0 lpav 667 + !
0 ldev 667 + !
0 lpav 668 + !
0 ldev 668 + !
0 lpav 669 + !
0 ldev 669 + !
0 lpav 670 + !
0 ldev 670 + !
0 lpav 671 + !
0 ldev 671 + !
0 lpav 672 + !
0 ldev 672 + !
0 lpav 673 + !
0 ldev 673 + !
0 lpav 674 + !
0 ldev 674 + !
0 lpav 675 + !
0 ldev 675 + !
0 lpav 676 + !
0 ldev 676 + !
0 lpav 677 + !
0 ldev 677 + !
0 lpav 678 + !
0 ldev 678 + !
0 lpav 679 + !
0 ldev 679 + !
0 lpav 680 + !
0 ldev 680 + !
0 lpav 681 + !
0 ldev 681 + !
0 lpav 682 + !
0 ldev 682 + !
0 lpav 683 + !
0 ldev 683 + !
0 lpav 684 + !
0 ldev 684 + !
0 lpav 685 + !
0 ldev 685 + !
0 lpav 686 + !
0 ldev 686 + !
0 lpav 687 + !
0 ldev 687 + !
0 lpav 688 + !
0 ldev 688 + !
0 lpav 689 + !
0 ldev 689 + !
0 lpav 690 + !
0 ldev 690 + !
0 lpav 691 + !
0 ldev 691 + !
0 lpav 692 + !
0 ldev 692 + !
0 lpav 693 + !
0 ldev 693 + !
0 lpav 694 + !
0 ldev 694 + !
0 lpav 695 + !
0 ldev 695 + !
0 lpav 696 + !
0 ldev 696 + !
0 lpav 697 + !
0 ldev 697 + !
0 lpav 698 + !
0 ldev 698 + !
0 lpav 699 + !
0 ldev 699 + !
0 lpav 700 + !
0 ldev 700 + !
0 lpav 701 + !
0 ldev 701 + !
0 lpav 702 + !
0 ldev 702 + !
0 lpav 703 + !
0 ldev 703 + !
0 lpav 704 + !
0 ldev 704 + !
0 lpav 705 + !
0 ldev 705 + !
0 lpav 706 + !
0 ldev 706 + !
0 lpav 707 + !
0 ldev 707 + !
0 lpav 708 + !
0 ldev 708 + !
0 lpav 709 + !
0 ldev 709 + !
0 lpav 710 + !
0 ldev 710 + !
0 lpav 711 + !
0 ldev 711 + !
0 lpav 712 + !
0 ldev 712 + !
0 lpav 713 + !
0 ldev 713 + !
0 lpav 714 + !
0 ldev 714 + !
0 lpav 715 + !
0 ldev 715 + !
0 lpav 716 + !
0 ldev 716 + !
0 lpav 717 + !
0 ldev 717 + !
0 lpav 718 + !
0 ldev 718 + !
0 lpav 719 + !
0 ldev 719 + !
0 lpav 720 + !
0 ldev 720 + !
0 lpav 721 + !
0 ldev 721 + !
0 lpav 722 + !
0 ldev 722 + !
0 lpav 723 + !
0 ldev 723 + !
0 lpav 724 + !
0 ldev 724 + !
0 lpav 725 + !
0 ldev 725 + !
0 lpav 726 + !
0 ldev 726 + !
0 lpav 727 + !
0 ldev 727 + !
0 lpav 728 + !
0 ldev 728 + !
0 lpav 729 + !
0 ldev 729 + !
0 lpav 730 + !
0 ldev 730 + !
0 lpav 731 + !
0 ldev 731 + !
0 lpav 732 + !
0 ldev 732 + !
0 lpav 733 + !
0 ldev 733 + !
0 lpav 734 + !
0 ldev 734 + !
0 lpav 735 + !
0 ldev 735 + !
0 lpav 736 + !
0 ldev 736 + !
0 lpav 737 + !
0 ldev 737 + !
0 lpav 738 + !
0 ldev 738 + !
0 lpav 739 + !
0 ldev 739 + !
0 lpav 740 + !
0 ldev 740 + !
0 lpav 741 + !
0 ldev 741 + !
0 lpav 742 + !
0 ldev 742 + !
0 lpav 743 + !
0 ldev 743 + !
0 lpav 744 + !
0 ldev 744 + !
0 lpav 745 + !
0 ldev 745 + !
0 lpav 746 + !
0 ldev 746 + !
0 lpav 747 + !
0 ldev 747 + !
0 lpav 748 + !
0 ldev 748 + !
0 lpav 749 + !
0 ldev 749 + !
0 lpav 750 + !
0 ldev 750 + !
0 lpav 751 + !
0 ldev 751 + !
0 lpav 752 + !
0 ldev 752 + !
0 lpav 753 + !
0 ldev 753 + !
0 lpav 754 + !
0 ldev 754 + !
0 lpav 755 + !
0 ldev 755 + !
0 lpav 756 + !
0 ldev 756 + !
0 lpav 757 + !
0 ldev 757 + !
0 lpav 758 + !
0 ldev 758 + !
0 lpav 759 + !
0 ldev 759 + !
0 lpav 760 + !
0 ldev 760 + !
0 lpav 761 + !
0 ldev 761 + !
0 lpav 762 + !
0 ldev 762 + !
0 lpav 763 + !
0 ldev 763 + !
0 lpav 764 + !
0 ldev 764 + !
0 lpav 765 + !
0 ldev 765 + !
0 lpav 766 + !
0 ldev 766 + !
0 lpav 767 + !
0 ldev 767 + !
0 lpav 768 + !
0 ldev 768 + !
0 lpav 769 + !
0 ldev 769 + !
0 lpav 770 + !
0 ldev 770 + !
0 lpav 771 + !
0 ldev 771 + !
0 lpav 772 + !
0 ldev 772 + !
0 lpav 773 + !
0 ldev 773 + !
0 lpav 774 + !
0 ldev 774 + !
0 lpav 775 + !
0 ldev 775 + !
0 lpav 776 + !
0 ldev 776 + !
0 lpav 777 + !
0 ldev 777 + !
0 lpav 778 + !
0 ldev 778 + !
0 lpav 779 + !
0 ldev 779 + !
0 lpav 780 + !
0 ldev 780 + !
0 lpav 781 + !
0 ldev 781 + !
0 lpav 782 + !
0 ldev 782 + !
0 lpav 783 + !
0 ldev 783 + !
0 lpav 784 + !
0 ldev 784 + !
0 lpav 785 + !
0 ldev 785 + !
0 lpav 786 + !
0 ldev 786 + !
0 lpav 787 + !
0 ldev 787 + !
0 lpav 788 + !
0 ldev 788 + !
0 lpav 789 + !
0 ldev 789 + !
0 lpav 790 + !
0 ldev 790 + !
0 lpav 791 + !
0 ldev 791 + !
0 lpav 792 + !
0 ldev 792 + !
0 lpav 793 + !
0 ldev 793 + !
0 lpav 794 + !
0 ldev 794 + !
0 lpav 795 + !
0 ldev 795 + !
0 lpav 796 + !
0 ldev 796 + !
0 lpav 797 + !
0 ldev 797 + !
0 lpav 798 + !
0 ldev 798 + !
0 lpav 799 + !
0 ldev 799 + !
0 lpav 800 + !
0 ldev 800 + !
0 lpav 801 + !
0 ldev 801 + !
0 lpav 802 + !
0 ldev 802 + !
0 lpav 803 + !
0 ldev 803 + !
0 lpav 804 + !
0 ldev 804 + !
0 lpav 805 + !
0 ldev 805 + !
0 lpav 806 + !
0 ldev 806 + !
0 lpav 807 + !
0 ldev 807 + !
0 lpav 808 + !
0 ldev 808 + !
0 lpav 809 + !
0 ldev 809 + !
0 lpav 810 + !
0 ldev 810 + !
0 lpav 811 + !
0 ldev 811 + !
0 lpav 812 + !
0 ldev 812 + !
0 lpav 813 + !
0 ldev 813 + !
0 lpav 814 + !
0 ldev 814 + !
0 lpav 815 + !
0 ldev 815 + !
0 lpav 816 + !
0 ldev 816 + !
0 lpav 817 + !
0 ldev 817 + !
0 lpav 818 + !
0 ldev 818 + !
0 lpav 819 + !
0 ldev 819 + !
0 lpav 820 + !
0 ldev 820 + !
0 lpav 821 + !
0 ldev 821 + !
0 lpav 822 + !
0 ldev 822 + !
0 lpav 823 + !
0 ldev 823 + !
0 lpav 824 + !
0 ldev 824 + !
0 lpav 825 + !
0 ldev 825 + !
0 lpav 826 + !
0 ldev 826 + !
0 lpav 827 + !
0 ldev 827 + !
0 lpav 828 + !
0 ldev 828 + !
0 lpav 829 + !
0 ldev 829 + !
0 lpav 830 + !
0 ldev 830 + !
0 lpav 831 + !
0 ldev 831 + !
0 lpav 832 + !
0 ldev 832 + !
0 lpav 833 + !
0 ldev 833 + !
0 lpav 834 + !
0 ldev 834 + !
0 lpav 835 + !
0 ldev 835 + !
0 lpav 836 + !
0 ldev 836 + !
0 lpav 837 + !
0 ldev 837 + !
0 lpav 838 + !
0 ldev 838 + !
0 lpav 839 + !
0 ldev 839 + !
0 lpav 840 + !
0 ldev 840 + !
0 lpav 841 + !
0 ldev 841 + !
0 lpav 842 + !
0 ldev 842 + !
0 lpav 843 + !
0 ldev 843 + !
0 lpav 844 + !
0 ldev 844 + !
0 lpav 845 + !
0 ldev 845 + !
0 lpav 846 + !
0 ldev 846 + !
0 lpav 847 + !
0 ldev 847 + !
0 lpav 848 + !
0 ldev 848 + !
0 lpav 849 + !
0 ldev 849 + !
0 lpav 850 + !
0 ldev 850 + !
0 lpav 851 + !
0 ldev 851 + !
0 lpav 852 + !
0 ldev 852 + !
0 lpav 853 + !
0 ldev 853 + !
0 lpav 854 + !
0 ldev 854 + !
0 lpav 855 + !
0 ldev 855 + !
0 lpav 856 + !
0 ldev 856 + !
0 lpav 857 + !
0 ldev 857 + !
0 lpav 858 + !
0 ldev 858 + !
0 lpav 859 + !
0 ldev 859 + !
0 lpav 860 + !
0 ldev 860 + !
0 lpav 861 + !
0 ldev 861 + !
0 lpav 862 + !
0 ldev 862 + !
0 lpav 863 + !
0 ldev 863 + !
0 lpav 864 + !
0 ldev 864 + !
0 lpav 865 + !
0 ldev 865 + !
0 lpav 866 + !
0 ldev 866 + !
0 lpav 867 + !
0 ldev 867 + !
0 lpav 868 + !
0 ldev 868 + !
0 lpav 869 + !
0 ldev 869 + !
0 lpav 870 + !
0 ldev 870 + !
0 lpav 871 + !
0 ldev 871 + !
0 lpav 872 + !
0 ldev 872 + !
0 lpav 873 + !
0 ldev 873 + !
0 lpav 874 + !
0 ldev 874 + !
0 lpav 875 + !
0 ldev 875 + !
0 lpav 876 + !
0 ldev 876 + !
0 lpav 877 + !
0 ldev 877 + !
0 lpav 878 + !
0 ldev 878 + !
0 lpav 879 + !
0 ldev 879 + !
0 lpav 880 + !
0 ldev 880 + !
0 lpav 881 + !
0 ldev 881 + !
0 lpav 882 + !
0 ldev 882 + !
0 lpav 883 + !
0 ldev 883 + !
0 lpav 884 + !
0 ldev 884 + !
0 lpav 885 + !
0 ldev 885 + !
0 lpav 886 + !
0 ldev 886 + !
0 lpav 887 + !
0 ldev 887 + !
0 lpav 888 + !
0 ldev 888 + !
0 lpav 889 + !
0 ldev 889 + !
0 lpav 890 + !
0 ldev 890 + !
0 lpav 891 + !
0 ldev 891 + !
0 lpav 892 + !
0 ldev 892 + !
0 lpav 893 + !
0 ldev 893 + !
0 lpav 894 + !
0 ldev 894 + !
0 lpav 895 + !
0 ldev 895 + !
0 lpav 896 + !
0 ldev 896 + !
0 lpav 897 + !
0 ldev 897 + !
0 lpav 898 + !
0 ldev 898 + !
0 lpav 899 + !
0 ldev 899 + !
0 lpav 900 + !
0 ldev 900 + !
0 lpav 901 + !
0 ldev 901 + !
0 lpav 902 + !
0 ldev 902 + !
0 lpav 903 + !
0 ldev 903 + !
0 lpav 904 + !
0 ldev 904 + !
0 lpav 905 + !
0 ldev 905 + !
0 lpav 906 + !
0 ldev 906 + !
0 lpav 907 + !
0 ldev 907 + !
0 lpav 908 + !
0 ldev 908 + !
0 lpav 909 + !
0 ldev 909 + !
0 lpav 910 + !
0 ldev 910 + !
0 lpav 911 + !
0 ldev 911 + !
0 lpav 912 + !
0 ldev 912 + !
0 lpav 913 + !
0 ldev 913 + !
0 lpav 914 + !
0 ldev 914 + !
0 lpav 915 + !
0 ldev 915 + !
0 lpav 916 + !
0 ldev 916 + !
0 lpav 917 + !
0 ldev 917 + !
0 lpav 918 + !
0 ldev 918 + !
0 lpav 919 + !
0 ldev 919 + !
0 lpav 920 + !
0 ldev 920 + !
0 lpav 921 + !
0 ldev 921 + !
0 lpav 922 + !
0 ldev 922 + !
0 lpav 923 + !
0 ldev 923 + !
0 lpav 924 + !
0 ldev 924 + !
0 lpav 925 + !
0 ldev 925 + !
0 lpav 926 + !
0 ldev 926 + !
0 lpav 927 + !
0 ldev 927 + !
0 lpav 928 + !
0 ldev 928 + !
0 lpav 929 + !
0 ldev 929 + !
0 lpav 930 + !
0 ldev 930 + !
0 lpav 931 + !
0 ldev 931 + !
0 lpav 932 + !
0 ldev 932 + !
0 lpav 933 + !
0 ldev 933 + !
0 lpav 934 + !
0 ldev 934 + !
0 lpav 935 + !
0 ldev 935 + !
0 lpav 936 + !
0 ldev 936 + !
0 lpav 937 + !
0 ldev 937 + !
0 lpav 938 + !
0 ldev 938 + !
0 lpav 939 + !
0 ldev 939 + !
0 lpav 940 + !
0 ldev 940 + !
0 lpav 941 + !
0 ldev 941 + !
0 lpav 942 + !
0 ldev 942 + !
0 lpav 943 + !
0 ldev 943 + !
0 lpav 944 + !
0 ldev 944 + !
0 lpav 945 + !
0 ldev 945 + !
0 lpav 946 + !
0 ldev 946 + !
0 lpav 947 + !
0 ldev 947 + !
0 lpav 948 + !
0 ldev 948 + !
0 lpav 949 + !
0 ldev 949 + !
0 lpav 950 + !
0 ldev 950 + !
0 lpav 951 + !
0 ldev 951 + !
0 lpav 952 + !
0 ldev 952 + !
0 lpav 953 + !
0 ldev 953 + !
0 lpav 954 + !
0 ldev 954 + !
0 lpav 955 + !
0 ldev 955 + !
0 lpav 956 + !
0 ldev 956 + !
0 lpav 957 + !
0 ldev 957 + !
0 lpav 958 + !
0 ldev 958 + !
0 lpav 959 + !
0 ldev 959 + !
0 lpav 960 + !
0 ldev 960 + !
0 lpav 961 + !
0 ldev 961 + !
0 lpav 962 + !
0 ldev 962 + !
0 lpav 963 + !
0 ldev 963 + !
0 lpav 964 + !
0 ldev 964 + !
0 lpav 965 + !
0 ldev 965 + !
0 lpav 966 + !
0 ldev 966 + !
0 lpav 967 + !
0 ldev 967 + !
0 lpav 968 + !
0 ldev 968 + !
0 lpav 969 + !
0 ldev 969 + !
0 lpav 970 + !
0 ldev 970 + !
0 lpav 971 + !
0 ldev 971 + !
0 lpav 972 + !
0 ldev 972 + !
0 lpav 973 + !
0 ldev 973 + !
0 lpav 974 + !
0 ldev 974 + !
0 lpav 975 + !
0 ldev 975 + !
0 lpav 976 + !
0 ldev 976 + !
0 lpav 977 + !
0 ldev 977 + !
0 lpav 978 + !
0 ldev 978 + !
0 lpav 979 + !
0 ldev 979 + !
0 lpav 980 + !
0 ldev 980 + !
0 lpav 981 + !
0 ldev 981 + !
0 lpav 982 + !
0 ldev 982 + !
0 lpav 983 + !
0 ldev 983 + !
0 lpav 984 + !
0 ldev 984 + !
0 lpav 985 + !
0 ldev 985 + !
0 lpav 986 + !
0 ldev 986 + !
0 lpav 987 + !
0 ldev 987 + !
0 lpav 988 + !
0 ldev 988 + !
0 lpav 989 + !
0 ldev 989 + !
0 lpav 990 + !
0 ldev 990 + !
0 lpav 991 + !
0 ldev 991 + !
0 lpav 992 + !
0 ldev 992 + !
0 lpav 993 + !
0 ldev 993 + !
0 lpav 994 + !
0 ldev 994 + !
0 lpav 995 + !
0 ldev 995 + !
0 lpav 996 + !
0 ldev 996 + !
0 lpav 997 + !
0 ldev 997 + !
0 lpav 998 + !
0 ldev 998 + !
0 lpav 999 + !
0 ldev 999 + !
0 lpav 1000 + !
0 ldev 1000 + !
0 lpav 1001 + !
0 ldev 1001 + !
0 lpav 1002 + !
0 ldev 1002 + !
0 lpav 1003 + !
0 ldev 1003 + !
0 lpav 1004 + !
0 ldev 1004 + !
0 lpav 1005 + !
0 ldev 1005 + !
0 lpav 1006 + !
0 ldev 1006 + !
0 lpav 1007 + !
0 ldev 1007 + !
0 lpav 1008 + !
0 ldev 1008 + !
0 lpav 1009 + !
0 ldev 1009 + !
0 lpav 1010 + !
0 ldev 1010 + !
0 lpav 1011 + !
0 ldev 1011 + !
0 lpav 1012 + !
0 ldev 1012 + !
0 lpav 1013 + !
0 ldev 1013 + !
0 lpav 1014 + !
0 ldev 1014 + !
0 lpav 1015 + !
0 ldev 1015 + !
0 lpav 1016 + !
0 ldev 1016 + !
0 lpav 1017 + !
0 ldev 1017 + !
0 lpav 1018 + !
0 ldev 1018 + !
0 lpav 1019 + !
0 ldev 1019 + !
0 lpav 1020 + !
0 ldev 1020 + !
0 lpav 1021 + !
0 ldev 1021 + !
0 lpav 1022 + !
0 ldev 1022 + !
0 lpav 1023 + !
0 ldev 1023 + !
0 lpav 1024 + !
0 ldev 1024 + !
0 lpav 1025 + !
0 ldev 1025 + !
0 lpav 1026 + !
0 ldev 1026 + !
0 lpav 1027 + !
0 ldev 1027 + !
0 lpav 1028 + !
0 ldev 1028 + !
0 lpav 1029 + !
0 ldev 1029 + !
0 lpav 1030 + !
0 ldev 1030 + !
0 lpav 1031 + !
0 ldev 1031 + !
0 lpav 1032 + !
0 ldev 1032 + !
0 lpav 1033 + !
0 ldev 1033 + !
0 lpav 1034 + !
0 ldev 1034 + !
0 lpav 1035 + !
0 ldev 1035 + !
0 lpav 1036 + !
0 ldev 1036 + !
0 lpav 1037 + !
0 ldev 1037 + !
0 lpav 1038 + !
0 ldev 1038 + !
0 lpav 1039 + !
0 ldev 1039 + !
0 lpav 1040 + !
0 ldev 1040 + !
0 lpav 1041 + !
0 ldev 1041 + !
0 lpav 1042 + !
0 ldev 1042 + !
0 lpav 1043 + !
0 ldev 1043 + !
0 lpav 1044 + !
0 ldev 1044 + !
0 lpav 1045 + !
0 ldev 1045 + !
0 lpav 1046 + !
0 ldev 1046 + !
0 lpav 1047 + !
0 ldev 1047 + !
0 lpav 1048 + !
0 ldev 1048 + !
0 lpav 1049 + !
0 ldev 1049 + !
0 lpav 1050 + !
0 ldev 1050 + !
0 lpav 1051 + !
0 ldev 1051 + !
0 lpav 1052 + !
0 ldev 1052 + !
0 lpav 1053 + !
0 ldev 1053 + !
0 lpav 1054 + !
0 ldev 1054 + !
0 lpav 1055 + !
0 ldev 1055 + !
0 lpav 1056 + !
0 ldev 1056 + !
0 lpav 1057 + !
0 ldev 1057 + !
0 lpav 1058 + !
0 ldev 1058 + !
0 lpav 1059 + !
0 ldev 1059 + !
0 lpav 1060 + !
0 ldev 1060 + !
0 lpav 1061 + !
0 ldev 1061 + !
0 lpav 1062 + !
0 ldev 1062 + !
0 lpav 1063 + !
0 ldev 1063 + !
0 lpav 1064 + !
0 ldev 1064 + !
0 lpav 1065 + !
0 ldev 1065 + !
0 lpav 1066 + !
0 ldev 1066 + !
0 lpav 1067 + !
0 ldev 1067 + !
0 lpav 1068 + !
0 ldev 1068 + !
0 lpav 1069 + !
0 ldev 1069 + !
0 lpav 1070 + !
0 ldev 1070 + !
0 lpav 1071 + !
0 ldev 1071 + !
0 lpav 1072 + !
0 ldev 1072 + !
0 lpav 1073 + !
0 ldev 1073 + !
0 lpav 1074 + !
0 ldev 1074 + !
0 lpav 1075 + !
0 ldev 1075 + !
0 lpav 1076 + !
0 ldev 1076 + !
0 lpav 1077 + !
0 ldev 1077 + !
0 lpav 1078 + !
0 ldev 1078 + !
0 lpav 1079 + !
0 ldev 1079 + !
0 lpav 1080 + !
0 ldev 1080 + !
0 lpav 1081 + !
0 ldev 1081 + !
0 lpav 1082 + !
0 ldev 1082 + !
0 lpav 1083 + !
0 ldev 1083 + !
0 lpav 1084 + !
0 ldev 1084 + !
0 lpav 1085 + !
0 ldev 1085 + !
0 lpav 1086 + !
0 ldev 1086 + !
0 lpav 1087 + !
0 ldev 1087 + !
0 lpav 1088 + !
0 ldev 1088 + !
0 lpav 1089 + !
0 ldev 1089 + !
0 lpav 1090 + !
0 ldev 1090 + !
0 lpav 1091 + !
0 ldev 1091 + !
0 lpav 1092 + !
0 ldev 1092 + !
0 lpav 1093 + !
0 ldev 1093 + !
0 lpav 1094 + !
0 ldev 1094 + !
0 lpav 1095 + !
0 ldev 1095 + !
0 lpav 1096 + !
0 ldev 1096 + !
0 lpav 1097 + !
0 ldev 1097 + !
0 lpav 1098 + !
0 ldev 1098 + !
0 lpav 1099 + !
0 ldev 1099 + !
0 lpav 1100 + !
0 ldev 1100 + !
0 lpav 1101 + !
0 ldev 1101 + !
0 lpav 1102 + !
0 ldev 1102 + !
0 lpav 1103 + !
0 ldev 1103 + !
0 lpav 1104 + !
0 ldev 1104 + !
0 lpav 1105 + !
0 ldev 1105 + !
0 lpav 1106 + !
0 ldev 1106 + !
0 lpav 1107 + !
0 ldev 1107 + !
0 lpav 1108 + !
0 ldev 1108 + !
0 lpav 1109 + !
0 ldev 1109 + !
0 lpav 1110 + !
0 ldev 1110 + !
0 i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lpav
i @ 
+ @ 
temp !
temp @ 
0 = 
if
lxpa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lypa
i @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
dist
aux @ 
+ @ 
actdist !
actdist @ 
bestdist @ 
 < 
if
actdist @ 
bestdist !
i @ 
bestpair !
then
then
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
then
bestpair @ 
current_pa !
1 have_job !
lxpa
current_pa @ 
+ @ 
xpa !
lypa
current_pa @ 
+ @ 
ypa !
0 aux !
0 idist !
idist @ 
input_rows @ 
 < 
while
0 jdist !
jdist @ 
input_cols @ 
 < 
while
room
aux @ 
+ @ 
aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
100000 dist
aux @ 
+ !
aux @ 
1 + aux !
jdist @ 
1 + jdist !
jdist @ 
input_cols @ 
 < 
repeat
idist @ 
1 + idist !
idist @ 
input_rows @ 
 < 
repeat
0 idist !
idist @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
lxpa
idist @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lypa
idist @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
0 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
lxde
idist @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lyde
idist @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
0 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
idist @ 
1 + idist !
idist @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
0 l !
0 r !
xpa @ 
qx 0 + !
ypa @ 
qy 0 + !
xpa @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
ypa @ 
 + aux !
aux_room 
aux @ 
 + @ -1 =
if
l @ 
1 + l !
then
1 dist
aux @ 
+ !
1 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
l @ 
r @ 
<= 
while
qx
l @ 
+ @ 
xdist !
qy
l @ 
+ @ 
ydist !
l @ 
1 + l !
xdist @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
ydist @ 
 + aux !
dist
aux @ 
+ @ 
actdist !
actdist @ 
newdist !
newdist @ 
1 + newdist !
xdist @ 
xx !
xx @ 
-1 + xx !
ydist @ 
yy !
yy @ 
0 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
newdist @ 
dist
aux @ 
+ !
2 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
xdist @ 
xx !
xx @ 
1 + xx !
ydist @ 
yy !
yy @ 
0 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
newdist @ 
dist
aux @ 
+ !
1 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
xdist @ 
xx !
xx @ 
0 + xx !
ydist @ 
yy !
yy @ 
-1 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
newdist @ 
dist
aux @ 
+ !
4 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
xdist @ 
xx !
xx @ 
0 + xx !
ydist @ 
yy !
yy @ 
1 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
newdist @ 
dist
aux @ 
+ !
3 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
l @ 
r @ 
<= 
repeat
0 i !
i @ 
bestpair !
100000 bestdist !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
while
ldev
i @ 
+ @ 
temp !
temp @ 
0 = 
if
lxde
i @ 
+ @ 
aux !
lyde
i @ 
+ @ 
aux2 !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
aux2 @ 
 + aux !
dist
aux @ 
+ @ 
actdist !
actdist @ 
bestdist @ 
 < 
if
actdist @ 
bestdist !
i @ 
bestpair !
then
then
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
jobs @ 
 < 
repeat
bestpair @ 
current_de !
then
lxpa
current_pa @ 
+ @ 
xpa !
lypa
current_pa @ 
+ @ 
ypa !
lxde
current_de @ 
+ @ 
xde !
lyde
current_de @ 
+ @ 
yde !
xpa @ 
xde @ 
=
if
ypa @ 
yde @ 
=
if
99 lpav
current_pa @ 
+ !
99 ldev
current_de @ 
+ !
0 have_job !
0 quit
then
then
xpa @ 
aux2 !
aux2 @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux2 !
aux2 @ 
ypa @ 
 + aux2 !
0 room
aux2 @ 
+ !
0 aux !
0 i !
i @ 
input_rows @ 
 < 
while
0 j !
j @ 
input_cols @ 
 < 
while
room
aux @ 
+ @ 
aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
aux @ 
1 + aux !
j @ 
1 + j !
j @ 
input_cols @ 
 < 
repeat
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
input_rows @ 
 < 
repeat
0 l !
0 r !
xde @ 
qx 0 + !
yde @ 
qy 0 + !
xde @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yde @ 
 + aux !
aux_room 
aux @ 
 + @ -1 =
if
l @ 
1 + l !
then
1 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
l @ 
r @ 
<= 
while
qx
l @ 
+ @ 
x !
qy
l @ 
+ @ 
y !
l @ 
1 + l !
x @ 
xx !
xx @ 
-1 + xx !
y @ 
yy !
yy @ 
0 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
xx @ 
smxx !
smxx @ 
-1 + smxx !
yy @ 
smyy !
smyy @ 
0 + smyy !
smxx @ 
smaux !
smaux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * smaux !
smaux @ 
smyy @ 
 + smaux !
aux_room 
smaux @ 
 + @ -1 =
if
else
2 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
then
x @ 
xx !
xx @ 
1 + xx !
y @ 
yy !
yy @ 
0 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
xx @ 
smxx !
smxx @ 
1 + smxx !
yy @ 
smyy !
smyy @ 
0 + smyy !
smxx @ 
smaux !
smaux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * smaux !
smaux @ 
smyy @ 
 + smaux !
aux_room 
smaux @ 
 + @ -1 =
if
else
1 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
then
x @ 
xx !
xx @ 
0 + xx !
y @ 
yy !
yy @ 
-1 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
xx @ 
smxx !
smxx @ 
0 + smxx !
yy @ 
smyy !
smyy @ 
-1 + smyy !
smxx @ 
smaux !
smaux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * smaux !
smaux @ 
smyy @ 
 + smaux !
aux_room 
smaux @ 
 + @ -1 =
if
else
4 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
then
x @ 
xx !
xx @ 
0 + xx !
y @ 
yy !
yy @ 
1 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
xx @ 
smxx !
smxx @ 
0 + smxx !
yy @ 
smyy !
smyy @ 
1 + smyy !
smxx @ 
smaux !
smaux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * smaux !
smaux @ 
smyy @ 
 + smaux !
aux_room 
smaux @ 
 + @ -1 =
if
else
3 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
then
l @ 
r @ 
<= 
repeat
xpa @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
ypa @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
+ @ 
dir !
-1 ddx 1 + !
1 ddx 2 + !
0 ddx 3 + !
0 ddx 4 + !
0 ddy 1 + !
0 ddy 2 + !
-1 ddy 3 + !
1 ddy 4 + !
xpa @ 
xne !
ypa @ 
yne !
xne @ 
ddx
dir @ 
 + @ 
-
xne!
yne @ 
ddy
dir @ 
 + @ 
-
yne!
xpa @ 
aux2 !
aux2 @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux2 !
aux2 @ 
ypa @ 
 + aux2 !
-1 room
aux2 @ 
+ !
0 aux !
0 i !
i @ 
input_rows @ 
 < 
while
0 j !
j @ 
input_cols @ 
 < 
while
room
aux @ 
+ @ 
aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
aux @ 
1 + aux !
j @ 
1 + j !
j @ 
input_cols @ 
 < 
repeat
i @ 
1 + i !
i @ 
input_rows @ 
 < 
repeat
0 l !
0 r !
xne @ 
qx 0 + !
yne @ 
qy 0 + !
xne @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yne @ 
 + aux !
aux_room 
aux @ 
 + @ -1 =
if
l @ 
1 + l !
then
1 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
l @ 
r @ 
<= 
while
qx
l @ 
+ @ 
x !
qy
l @ 
+ @ 
y !
l @ 
1 + l !
x @ 
xx !
xx @ 
-1 + xx !
y @ 
yy !
yy @ 
0 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
2 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
x @ 
xx !
xx @ 
1 + xx !
y @ 
yy !
yy @ 
0 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
1 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
x @ 
xx !
xx @ 
0 + xx !
y @ 
yy !
yy @ 
-1 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
4 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
x @ 
xx !
xx @ 
0 + xx !
y @ 
yy !
yy @ 
1 + yy !
xx @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yy @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
 + @ 
if
else
3 aux_room
aux @ 
+ !
r @ 
1 + r !
xx @ 
qx
r @ 
+ !
yy @ 
qy
r @ 
+ !
then
l @ 
r @ 
<= 
repeat
xme @ 
aux !
aux @ 
input_cols @ 
 * aux !
aux @ 
yme @ 
 + aux !
aux_room
aux @ 
+ @ 
dir2 !
dir2 @ 
xne @ 
xme @ 
=
if
yne @ 
yme @ 
=
if
dir @ 
then
then
dup 0 =
if
lpav
current_pa @ 
+ @ 
temp !
temp @ 
1 + temp !
temp @ 
lpav
current_pa @ 
+ !
0 have_job !
then
